Welcome back.
Now that we understand how to work with histograms politely Let's test your skills and exercise and
this lecture will quickly over the exercise file and then the next lecture will go over the solutions.
All right.
So for the histogram exercise file what we want you to do is create a histogram that plots the length
field from that abalone dataset that you've worked with before.
So we're going to set the range from 0 to 1 with has been size of 0.02.
So make sure you add those parameters when you're doing your call for the histogram.
So you're going to do your imports your data variable create your data frame at the left.
And as always then plot the figure from the data and layout.
So let's see a quick example of what this may look like once you're done.
So here's the histogram of the show lengths from that dataset.
So we can see here that bin size that we worked out as well as the x axis range goes from zero to 1.
All right.
If you have any questions feel free to post the Kewney forums in the next lecture.
We'll go over an example solution.